README.md, before:

# Blaxel Langgraph Agent

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://blaxel.ai/logo.png" alt="Blaxel"/>
</p>

A template implementation of a conversational agent using LangGraph and GPT-4. This agent demonstrates the power of LangGraph for building interactive AI agents with tool integration capabilities.

## Features

- Interactive conversational interface
- Tool integration support (including weather and search capabilities)
- Streaming responses for real-time interaction
- Built on LangGraph for efficient agent orchestration
- Easy deployment and integration with Blaxel platform

## Prerequisites

- **Python:** 3.10 or later
- **[UV](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv):** An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust
- **[Blaxel CLI](https://docs.blaxel.ai/Get-started):** Ensure you have the Blaxel CLI installed. If not, install it globally:
  ```bash
  curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/beamlit/toolkit/main/install.sh | BINDIR=$HOME/.local/bin sh
  ```
- **Blaxel login:** Login to Blaxel platform
  ```bash
  bl login YOUR-WORKSPACE
  ```

## Installation

**Clone the repository and install dependencies:**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/beamlit/template-langgraph-py.git
cd template-langgraph-py
uv sync
```

## Running the Server Locally

Start the development server with hot reloading:

```bash
bl serve --hotreload
```

_Note:_ This command starts the server and enables hot reload so that changes to the source code are automatically reflected.

## Testing your agent

You can test your agent using the chat interface:

```bash
bl chat --local blaxel-agent
```

Or run it directly with specific input:

```bash
bl run agent blaxel-agent --local --data '{"input": "What is the weather in Paris?"}'
```

## Deploying to Blaxel

When you are ready to deploy your application:

```bash
bl deploy
```

This command uses your code and the configuration files under the `.blaxel` directory to deploy your application.

## Project Structure

- **src/main.py** - Application entry point
- **src/agent.py** - Core agent implementation with LangGraph integration
- **src/server/** - Server implementation and routing
- **pyproject.toml** - UV package manager configuration
- **blaxel.toml** - Blaxel deployment configuration

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

Commit message:

Google ADK
Migrates the project from LangGraph to Google ADK for agent orchestration.

Updates project dependencies to reflect the change to Google ADK and related library versions, specifically blaxel and its google-adk extra.

The agent implementation is updated to use Google ADK's Agent and Runner, leveraging Google's models and tools for agent creation and execution.
The server is also adjusted to accommodate user and session IDs in requests.

Removes Langchain-related dependencies and adds Google ADK dependencies to pyproject.toml and uv.lock.

README.md, after:

# Blaxel Google ADK Agent

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://blaxel.ai/logo.png" alt="Blaxel"/>
</p>

A template implementation of a conversational agent using Google ADK and GPT-4. This agent demonstrates the power of Google ADK for building interactive AI agents with tool integration capabilities.

## Features

- Interactive conversational interface
- Tool integration support (including weather and search capabilities)
- Streaming responses for real-time interaction
- Built on Google ADK for efficient agent orchestration
- Easy deployment and integration with Blaxel platform

## Prerequisites

- **Python:** 3.10 or later
- **[UV](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv):** An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust
- **[Blaxel CLI](https://docs.blaxel.ai/Get-started):** Ensure you have the Blaxel CLI installed. If not, install it globally:
  ```bash
  curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/beamlit/toolkit/main/install.sh | BINDIR=$HOME/.local/bin sh
  ```
- **Blaxel login:** Login to Blaxel platform
  ```bash
  bl login YOUR-WORKSPACE
  ```

## Installation

**Clone the repository and install dependencies:**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/beamlit/template-google-adk-py.git
cd template-google-adk-py
uv sync
```

## Running the Server Locally

Start the development server with hot reloading:

```bash
bl serve --hotreload
```

_Note:_ This command starts the server and enables hot reload so that changes to the source code are automatically reflected.

## Testing your agent

You can test your agent using the chat interface:

```bash
bl chat --local blaxel-agent
```

Or run it directly with specific input:

```bash
bl run agent blaxel-agent --local --data '{"input": "What is the weather in Paris?"}'
```

## Deploying to Blaxel

When you are ready to deploy your application:

```bash
bl deploy
```

This command uses your code and the configuration files under the `.blaxel` directory to deploy your application.

## Project Structure

- **src/main.py** - Application entry point
- **src/agent.py** - Core agent implementation with Google ADK integration
- **src/server/** - Server implementation and routing
- **pyproject.toml** - UV package manager configuration
- **blaxel.toml** - Blaxel deployment configuration

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
